Upgrade K8s to v1.22 (#2792)
epiphany-platform/epiphany: docs/changelogs/CHANGELOG-1.3.md

### Deprecated

> - Vault and Istio components are deprecated and will be removed in the next version

Reviewer: Remove this line.

### Breaking changes

- PgBouncer available only as Kubernetes service

> - Upgrading Kubernetes to the latest available version 1.22 breaks Vault and Istio components which are deprecated

Reviewer: Put to known issues that vault and istio are not known not to work anymore, and change the language from deprecated as being considered for deprecation. As we don't have sight on who is using this we cant straight up deprecate it for now.

- PgBouncer available only as Kubernetes service

### Known issues

> - Upgrading Kubernetes to the latest available version 1.22 breaks Vault and Istio components as versions are not compatible. The issue is not fixed as these components are beeing considered for deprecation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgrading Kubernetes to the latest available version 1.22 breaks the Vault and Istio components as versions are not compatible. The issues are not being addressed as these components are being considered for deprecation and removal in subsequent releases.
```
